Editor's note: This story has been updated to reflect the fact that the Board of State Canvassers meeting scheduled for Nov. 18 was cancelled. The board is scheduled to meet Nov. 23 to vote on certifying the election results.
After initially voting against certifying the November election results, the two Republican members of the Wayne County Board of Canvassers reversed course and ultimately voted to certify the county's results late Tuesday night.
Tuesday was the final day the board could certify the county's election results, and the unanimous vote by the four-member body — made up of two Democrats and two Republicans — came just in time to meet the state's Nov. 17 deadline.
@
After 20 months on the tarmac following two fatal crashes, Boeing's troubled 737 Max airliner has been given the green light to resume passenger flights, the Federal Aviation Administration announced Wednesday.
The plane's return to the skies will not be immediate, however. The FAA is requiring a series of design changes laid out in a 115-page directive. It also put forward training requirements for pilots and maintenance requirements for airlines.
After the FAA announcement, the Air Line Pilots Association released a statement saying it "believes that the engineering fixes to the flight-critical aircraft systems are sound and will be an effective component that leads to the safe return to service of the 737 MAX."
@
President Donald Trump is trying to overturn the results of the presidential election through lawsuits and bluster. And amid all this, a question has arisen about whether Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC), one of his close allies, tried to get Georgia’s secretary of state to throw out vast numbers of legally cast mail ballots — something that could theoretically flip a state Joe Biden won to Trump.
The Republican secretary of state, Brad Raffensperger, claims Graham came close to doing this in a call with him on Friday. He says Graham asked whether he had the power to throw out all mail ballots in counties where there were relatively high rates of rejection of mail ballots because their signatures did not match voters’ signatures on file.
“It sure looked like he was wanting to go down that road,” Raffensperger told the Washington Post’s Amy Gardner.